eaten Vegemite straight from the jar.
gone to Bunnings mostly for the sausage sizzle.
called McDonald’s “Macca’s.”
called a petrol station a “servo.”
called a liquor store a “bottle-o.”
used “arvo” in a completely serious sentence.
said “yeah, nah” and expected everyone to understand me.
said “nah, yeah” and meant the exact opposite of “yeah, nah.”
called someone “mate” in a way that was absolutely not friendly.
called a friend a cunt affectionately.
confused a non-Australian by talking about thongs.
worn trackies somewhere they probably weren’t appropriate.
argued over whether they’re swimmers, togs, bathers, or something else.
used an esky as a chair.
eaten fairy bread as an adult.
eaten an entire packet of Tim Tams faster than I’d like to admit.
done a Tim Tam Slam.
eaten Milo powder straight from the tin.
burned my mouth on a meat pie because I was too impatient.
bought a sausage roll from a servo and called it a meal.
put chicken salt on something that absolutely did not need it.
eaten a dim sim and refused to explain what it is.
argued over potato scallop vs potato cake vs potato fritter.
argued over parmi vs parma.
had to explain what hundreds and thousands are.
eaten a lamington over the sink because the coconut went everywhere.
got involved in the Australia vs New Zealand pavlova argument.
eaten ANZAC biscuits outside of April.
had a serious opinion about the best Shapes flavour.
accidentally eaten an entire box of Shapes in one sitting.
had an iced coffee instead of an actual meal.
survived a road trip mostly on servo snacks.
picked Red Rooster because nowhere else was open.
called Burger King “Hungry Jack’s” without thinking about it.
had a Woolies vs Coles preference strong enough to defend.
gone into Aldi and left with something completely unrelated to groceries.
gone to Kmart for one thing and left with half the store.
been swooped by a magpie.
changed my walking route because of a magpie.
called an ibis a bin chicken.
watched a cockatoo destroy something like it personally hated it.
found a spider in the house and decided it lives there now.
left a huntsman alone because dealing with it felt worse.
seen a snake in the wild.
seen a kangaroo somewhere it definitely should not have been.
had to slow down because of roos near the road.
had a possum living in or on my roof.
had a fly try to ruin an entire barbecue.
slapped myself trying to kill a mozzie.
walked barefoot on sand that was basically lava.
had a thong blow out at the worst possible time.
used sunscreen and still somehow gotten absolutely cooked.
had a sunburn so bad that a seatbelt became an enemy.
gone to the beach and spent the whole time fighting wind and sand.
been stung by a bluebottle.
swum at a beach with no lifeguards around.
played backyard cricket.
used wheelie bins as cricket stumps.
supported a footy team mostly because my family does.
pretended to understand AFL better than I actually do.
watched State of Origin even though I barely follow NRL.
got into an AFL vs NRL argument.
said “footy” and had to clarify which footy I meant.
watched the Boxing Day Test while barely paying attention to the cricket.
been in a Melbourne Cup sweep.
forgotten it was a public holiday until I tried to go somewhere.
chucked a sickie after a big weekend.
thought a five-hour drive sounded completely reasonable.
described somewhere two hours away as “not that far.”
tried to avoid driving at dawn or dusk because of wildlife.
lost phone reception on a road trip and just accepted my fate.
treated air-conditioning like a basic human right.
experienced 40°C+ weather and still heard someone say “nice day.”
slept with a fan pointed directly at my face all night.
worn a hoodie in weather a European would call summer.
experienced four seasons in one day.
complained that 18°C was freezing.
celebrated Christmas while it was ridiculously hot outside.
had a barbecue on Christmas Day.
seen a Santa wearing shorts.
gone to the beach around Christmas.
watched New Year’s fireworks on TV while someone talked over the countdown.
said “no worries” while I was, in fact, very worried.
said “she’ll be right” with absolutely no evidence that it would be right.
said “good on ya” sarcastically.
asked “how ya going?” without expecting a real answer.
shortened someone’s name until it barely resembled their actual name.
given someone a nickname that made absolutely no sense.
sworn so casually that a non-Australian thought I was angry.
watched Dash Cam Owners Australia for way too long.
heard someone yell “OI!” and immediately paid attention.
tried to explain Australian slang to someone and somehow made it more confusing.
said “reckon” so often that I didn’t notice it anymore.
used “heaps” instead of “a lot.”
called something “dodgy” with no further explanation.
called someone a “legend” for doing the bare minimum.
used “old mate” for someone whose name I didn’t know.
ended a sentence with “but” in the most Australian way possible.
said “too easy” when something was definitely not easy.
explained to someone that Australia is much bigger than they think.
